# Summary of Interview

After analyzing the interview, I came across tension and confusion surrounding what did and didn’t occur during the time before and after Taylor’s murder. In the interview, Mary Miles Minter expresses Marshall Neilan’s concerns about Taylor’s mental state and presents several instances where Taylor made either completely false or complicated claims. The primary example of this discussed in the interview was one in which Taylor insisted that Neilan’s ex-wife had confronted Gloria Swanson at the Sunset Inn, however, Gloria does not recall this event ever occurring, nor was Neilan ever there when this allegedly occurred. Another instance mentioned in the interview was one of which Taylor claimed that Blanche Sweet had sent him an obscure letter, which when confronted about it, stated that it was only a thank-you note. Another allegation that came from Taylor was one claiming that Mary Miles Minter had come into his apartment undressed. She had allegedly come seeking his affection, but he rejected her. Neilan believes these rather obscure incidents demonstrate the poor mental state of Taylor. However, we never see the response of Mary Miles Minter to this allegation in my part of the interview. When I viewed the next part of the interview (part 5), Mary Miles Minter's response to this accusation is recorded. She claims that Marshall Neilan thought Taylor was intoxicated at the time of his telling Neilan this. This only further proves the unstable state of mind that Taylor was in at the time of the accusation. However, When this accusation is brought to Minter's attention, her initial reaction was to get red in the face. This could be because she felt embarassed, but I think it would be more of a shock to her if it was a false accusation like she claims it to be later in the interview. Thus, while I do think there is a chance that Taylor was telling the truth, we do not know for sure. Later in part 5 of the interview, Minter recalls being asked by Neilan about anything she could possible know about the murder, and she responds with, "The only person I know who could have had a possible motive for killing him would be Mrs. Julia Crawford Ivers." She later says that she had no reason to say this, that Ivers had never caused any harm to her, but only mentioned her name because she did not like her. This presents a level of immaturity in Minter. When something so serious is being discussed, she treats it like it is not of enough signifance where she has to be sincere. This level of immaturity was also displayed in the alleged confrontation betwen Taylor and Minter when Minter had come into his apartment undressed. While this connection is not evidence of anything, I think it at least proves that this accusation is worth looking in to. Another instance that proves a high level of immaturity in Minter is when she is asked about her being proposed to by Frank Urson, her previous director, "Yes; that is, I didn't exactly say, "No, I will not marry you." I didn't take him seriously. I joked with him at the time." Joking with someone and not taking them seriously during a proposal displays the pattern of a questionable amount of immaturity, once again raising the question about whether or not this accusation was true. 



  

